content/projects.md, before:

+++
title = "Projects"

[extra]
anchor_name = "projects"

[[extra.project]]
name = "Chicago Crime Analysis using Socioeconomic, Education, and Crime Data"
intro = "This repository contains SQL queries and analyses that leverage three key datasets from the City of Chicago Data Portal. The goal of this project is to explore relationships between socioeconomic factors, school performance, and crime patterns in Chicago."
cover = "/images/projects/chicago.jpg"
source = "https://github.com/legaiotte/Chicago_Crime"
#home = ""
tags = ['sqlLite', 'Python', 'Data_Analysis', 'Datasets']

[[extra.project]]
name = "Zola-portfolio"
intro = "Sleek, configurable and lightweight one page portfolio theme for zola site builder backed by tailwindcss."
cover = "/images/projects/zola-portfolio.png"
source = "https://github.com/sudipghimire533/sudipghimire533.github.io"
home = "https://me.sudipg.com.np"
tags = ['zola', 'web', 'tailwind', 'theme']

[[extra.project]]
name = "Zola-portfolio"
intro = "Sleek, configurable and lightweight one page portfolio theme for zola site builder backed by tailwindcss."
cover = "/images/projects/zola-portfolio.png"
source = "https://github.com/sudipghimire533/sudipghimire533.github.io"
home = "https://me.sudipg.com.np"
tags = ['zola', 'web', 'tailwind', 'theme']

[[extra.project]]
name = "Zola-portfolio"
intro = "Sleek, configurable and lightweight one page portfolio theme for zola site builder backed by tailwindcss."
cover = "/images/projects/zola-portfolio.png"
source = "https://github.com/sudipghimire533/sudipghimire533.github.io"
home = "https://me.sudipg.com.np"
tags = ['zola', 'web', 'tailwind', 'theme']

+++

Commit message:

added depression to projects.md
depression description

content/projects.md, after:

+++
title = "Projects"

[extra]
anchor_name = "projects"

[[extra.project]]
name = "Chicago Crime Analysis using Socioeconomic, Education, and Crime Data"
intro = "This repository contains SQL queries and analyses that leverage three key datasets from the City of Chicago Data Portal. The goal of this project is to explore relationships between socioeconomic factors, school performance, and crime patterns in Chicago."
cover = "/images/projects/chicago.jpg"
source = "https://github.com/legaiotte/Chicago_Crime"
#home = ""
tags = ['sqlLite', 'Python', 'Data_Analysis', 'Datasets']

[[extra.project]]
name = "Depression project"
intro = "The available data are results of the NHNES (National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey), 
carried out annually in the USA to assess the health and nutrition of adults and children;
The aim of this project was to answer some questions regarding people living with depressive symptoms associated with nutrition score."
cover = "/images/projects/zola-portfolio.png"
source = "https://github.com/sudipghimire533/sudipghimire533.github.io"
home = "https://me.sudipg.com.np"
tags = ['zola', 'web', 'tailwind', 'theme']

[[extra.project]]
name = "Zola-portfolio"
intro = "Sleek, configurable and lightweight one page portfolio theme for zola site builder backed by tailwindcss."
cover = "/images/projects/zola-portfolio.png"
source = "https://github.com/sudipghimire533/sudipghimire533.github.io"
home = "https://me.sudipg.com.np"
tags = ['zola', 'web', 'tailwind', 'theme']

[[extra.project]]
name = "Zola-portfolio"
intro = "Sleek, configurable and lightweight one page portfolio theme for zola site builder backed by tailwindcss."
cover = "/images/projects/zola-portfolio.png"
source = "https://github.com/sudipghimire533/sudipghimire533.github.io"
home = "https://me.sudipg.com.np"
tags = ['zola', 'web', 'tailwind', 'theme']

+++
